With the Smart Groups feature you select a group of people based on
criteria, identify that group with a Smart Group name, and use it to
select or view information about that group of people: 

The people who are members of a particular Smart Group are defined by a
set of criteria you provide. ![The Smart Groups
page](Smart_Groups_01.JPG "The Smart Groups page")

Creating a New Group
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

To create a new smart group, enter a name for the group in the box to
the left of **are people:** The criteria that defines the group is set
on a line-by-line basis. By default all new groups begin with a preset
first criteria of **who are living**. Other criteria are added by
clicking on the **green +** sign. Choose a criteria to match or not
match (are, or are not) from the drop down list. Depending on the
criteria chosen, you may have other options and drop-downs to define:
![Selecting Criteria](Smart_Groups_02.JPG "Selecting Criteria")

For example, if Age is chosen as the criteria, you will also have to
chose if Age is equal to, less than, greater than, or between an entered
Age: ![Select Condition](Smart_Groups_03.JPG "Select Condition")

When finished adding criteria, click the **green checkmark**, or if you
want to add additional criteria for the group, click the **green +**
again: ![Saving Criteria](Smart_Groups_04.JPG "Saving Criteria")

If you wish to Remove a criteria from a group, click the **red -** link
at the end of that criteria line.

When you have finished adding all criteria for a group, click the **Add
Group** button to save the new group.

Editing a Smart Group
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

To edit an existing smart group, click on its name (i.e.: to edit the
criteria for a smart group named *Members*, click on *Members*):
![Select Group to Edit](Smart_Groups_05.JPG "Select Group to Edit")

You can now add, edit, or remove criteria in the same manner as when
creating a new group, using the **red -**, **green checkbox**, and
**green +** icons. When done editing, click the **Save** button to save
your changes to the smart group criteria, or click the Grey **X** button
to undo your changes and revert back to the original criteria.

Deleting a Smart Group
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

To completely remove a Smart Group:

#### 1. Click the red - circle button to the right of the subgroup's description:

![Select Group to Delete](Smart_Groups_06.JPG "Select Group to Delete")

#### 2. Click the red **Delete** button:

![Click Delete button](Smart_Groups_07.JPG "Click Delete button")

#### 3. Click *OK* in the *Delete Group?* box to confirm the deletion of this group:

![Click OK](Smart_Groups_08.JPG "Click OK")

* * * * *

**Feedback**: Click **<Feedback>** to ask for help, report a problem, or
make a suggestion to the Church360Â° Team.

**Print**: Select to preview or print a report listing all Smart Groups,
their criteria, and the number of people in each group.

* * * * *

**Related Topics:** [Edit a Household](people-Edit-a-Household),
[Download Congregational
Directory](Download-Congregational-Directory), [Download
Contribution Statements](Download-Contribution-Statements),
[Download Mailing Labels](Download-Mailing-Labels)

* * * * *
