The Logins screen is used to administrate the users who will be working
with 360Members: \<\\!-- --\>

#### Adding a New User

In order to add a new user for 360Members, the person must have a
[person record](people:%20Profile%20View) in your database with at least
one email address listed. If the user does not have a person record,
[create one](people:%20New%20Person). If they have no email address
listed, [add an email address to their
record](people:%20Profile%20View#Contact%20Information). Once you have
confirmed those are properly set, lookup and select their ***Name***,
select an ***Email Address*** from the drop-down list, select a
[***Permission Group***](settings:%20Permissions), then click the ***Add
New*** button. The user's email address will be sent an email containing
a hyperlink to a website for setting up their 360Members username and
password.

#### Editing User's Email and Permissions

To change a user's email address associated with their 360Members
account, click on their ***email address*** and choose a different
address. If the address is not listed, update their email addresses in
their [person record](people:%20Profile%20View). Click the ***Save***
button to save the new address. To change a user's permission group,
click on their ***permission group*** and choose a different group, then
click the ***Save*** button to apply the change.

#### Deleting a User

To delete one of your current users permanently from accessing
360Members, click the red **-** at the right end of the row where that
user is listed, click the red **Delete** button, then click the **OK**
button in the ***Delete Login?*** box (If you decide not to delete the
login, click the ***Cancel*** button). Note that you must a member of
the Administrators [Permission Group](settings:%20Permissions) to delete
a user.

* * * * *

**Feedback**: Click **<Feedback>** to ask for help, report a problem, or
make a suggestion to the 360Members Team.

* * * * *

**Related Topics**: [Add a Person](people:%20New%20Person), [Edit a
Person](people:%20Profile%20View),
[Permissions](settings:%20Permissions)

* * * * *

**Go to:** [360Members Help Chapters](Main%20Page) \> [Settings Help
Chapters](Settings)

* * * * *
