This screen allows you to configure the Sunday School Grades that you
can assign to a person. Grades can be assigned to an individual person
on their [Profile View](people-Profile-View) in the [Personal
Information](people-Profile-View#Personal-Information) section.

When Church360째 is initially set up, the following Sunday School Grades
are already configured:

1.  Preschool
2.  Kindergarten
3.  Grades 1 - 8 (as "1" to "8")

Keep in mind that Sunday School Grade can be configured to represent
other classes, such as a Youth Bible Study class, or an Adult Bible
Study class.

#### Setting the promotion date

To have Church360째 **Automatically promote Sunday School students on**
a certain date, mark the checkbox at the top of the page and select a
**Month** and **Day**. Each year on that date, all Sunday School
students will automatically be promoted one grade level.

#### Adding Grades

To add a new grade, enter the name in the **Grade** field, then click
the **Add Grade** button.

#### Deleting a Grade

To delete an existing grade, click the red **X** to the right of the
grade, then click **OK** in the **Delete Sunday School Grade?** box. If
you decide not to delete the grade, click the **Cancel** button in that
box. Note: It is possible to delete the grades from Church360째's
initial setup (Preschool, Kindergarten, and 1-8).

#### Renaming a Grade

To rename an existing grade, click on its name, type in the new name,
then click the **Save** button. If you do not want to save your changes,
click the **Cancel** button.

#### Ordering/Sorting Grades

The order, or sort, for the grades can be modified by dragging and
dropping a **Grade** into the appropriate location.

* * * * *

**Feedback**: Click **<Feedback>** to ask for help, report a problem, or
make a suggestion to the Church360째 Team.

**Print** : Click to preview or print a report listing Sunday School
Grades.

* * * * *

**Related Topics:** [Add a Person](people-New-Person), [Profile
View](people-Profile-View)

* * * * *
