The Trends page is a custom data viewer and report writer utility,
allowing users to analyze the church's membership, attendance, and
offering data. Users can view this data on the church level, or drill
down into individual detailed data.

Next to the **Trends** header at the top left of the page will be the
name of the current report (unsaved reports will show the word
"Custom"). Clicking the arrow to the right of the name will hide or
reveal the list of Saved **[[Reports|Reports]]**. A saved **Report** can be loaded
by clicking on the name of the report.

#### Graph

The graph displays a chart for the Trends selected for the current
report.

The arrow controls at the left and right edge of the graph, which will
also provide labels for the graphed data, allow you to manipulate the
dates for the graph's six-week display. By clicking them you can view
data for different time periods.

At the top left of the graph will be a slider bar control, and two
buttons for determining the type of graph shown. You can change the time
period of the graphed data by using the **+** and **-** slider control
at the top left of the graph (it appears as a "ghosted" image). By
sliding it up and down, you can change the time period the graph from
weekly to a three-month, six-month, twelve-month, three-year, or
five-year time period. To the right of this are controls to toggle
between a bar graph and a line graph.

Note: When you hover or point your mouse directly over any item on the
graph, the individual totals for each of the values will display.

#### Trends

Directly beneath the graph will be a table, showing the summary data for
each Trend displayed in the graph. The left hand "label" for each row,
shows the data that was selected for that specific Trend. A row showing
data for "Offerings given by All People to All Funds" will show (and
graph) the corresponding data.

The **Add Trend** button allows you to add an additional row of data.
The Additional row of data is called a Trend. After clicking **Add
Trend**, choose what type of data to **Show** along with any other data
options (which will change depending on the type of data you wish to
view). Each Trend will run for a **Group** of people in your database;
choose this group as well (to add a different group to this list, create
a **[[Smart Group|people-Smart-Groups]]**. Give the Trend a **Name**
(which will pre-fill with a suggested name, based on the data selected),
then Click the **Add Trend** button to complete adding the new trend.

To **Edit** or change an existing Trend, click the Edit link next to its
name. Make changes to this Trend's settings, then click **Save** to save
your changes.

To **Delete** an existing Trend, click the Delete link to the right of
its name.

**New Report**: Click this button to clear all data and start a new
report by making your selections for the first Trend of the new report,
then clicking the **Add Trend** button to add additional trends.

**Compare**: Click this button and select a number of years to add the
same Trend for comparison over multiple years. The button itself works
as a toggle. If a year setting is selected, data for multiple years is
shown. If the 'x' is clicked, the multi-year data is removed, and the
comparison of it is disabled.

Click the **Save Report** button to give the current report a name and
save it.

#### Viewing Details

From the initial Trends page showing the graph and table, you can click
on any individual item (a bar from a graph, a number in the table, or
even a single Trend name) to go to the detail view of that item. The
page will refresh into page Viewing the Details behind the selected
item.

Now, the criteria for that trend will appear at the top of the screen.
For example, if I click on a bar on the graph showing Total Attendance
for All People at All Events for the week of July 15, 2012; the details
page will show controls at the top, showing those settings. Using the
same example, the criteria would read as Attendance of **All People** at
**All Events** **between** **Jul 09 2012** **Jul 15 2012**. Each of the
drop-list selection can be changed.

Beneath that control will be a listing of the individual data listed by
person, showing data for that date range. If I change the criteria
controls noted above, the data listed here will refresh to match those
changes.

**Save Report**: Clicking this button will allow me to save this
detailed view of data as a *Report*.

* * * * *

**Feedback**: Click **[[Feedback|Feedback]]** to ask for help, report a problem, or
make a suggestion to the Church360Â° Team.

**Export**: Click **Export** to export offering data to a CSV
(Comma-Separated Values) formatted data file. CSV is a widely-supported
data format which can be used with other programs (including Windows
Notepad, Microsoft Access, Excel, and Word).

**Print**: Click **Print** to preview or print a report showing the
offering data that is currently displayed.

* * * * *

**Related Topics:** [[Reports|Reports]]

* * * * *
